feat: polygon parts documentation (#76)
MapColonies/developer-portal: docs/MapColonies/Raster/services/PolygonParts/README.md

        },
        {
          "name": "cities",
          "maxOccurs": 1,
          "minOccurs": 0,
          "nillable": true,
          "type": "xsd:string",
          "localType": "string"
        },
        {
          "name": "description",
          "maxOccurs": 1,
          "minOccurs": 0,
          "nillable": true,
          "type": "xsd:string",
          "localType": "string"
        },
        {
          "name": "geometry",
          "maxOccurs": 1,
          "minOccurs": 0,
          "nillable": true,
          "type": "gml:Polygon",
          "localType": "Polygon"
        }
      ]
    }
  ]
}
```

</details>

This is a description of a `orthophoto_mosaic_base_orthophoto_best_polygon_parts` feature that include all polygon parts of the `ORTHOPHOTO_MOSAIC_BASE-OrthophotoBest` catalog layer, it contains these properties. Each property has its own type, nillable flag value and min\max occurs.

## GetFeature
Now that we hold the structure of the `orthophoto_mosaic_base_orthophoto_best_polygon_parts` FeatureType we're able to query layer's polygon parts features by a set of parameters using the `GetFeature` operation, let's see some examples:

> ### Pagination

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Limit response feature count
```

      "properties": {
        "partId": 2,
        "recordId": "a1b6dd1c-c77c-42e6-a00a-306b67bcdebf",
        "productId": "ORTHOPHOTO_BEST",
        "producType": "OrthophotoBest",
        "id": "MAS_6_ORT_247568-26.0",
        "name": "O_south_w84geo_Tiff_10cm",
        "updatedInVersion": "2",
        "ingestionDateUTC": "2024-07-11T06:27:49.757Z",
        "imagingTimeBeginUTC": "2022-08-20T23:08:10Z",
        "imagingTimeEndUTC": "2022-08-20T23:08:10Z",
        "resolutionDegree": 0.072,
        "resolutionMeter": 0.6,
        "sourceResolutionMeter": 0.1,
        "horizontalAccuracyCE90": 1.5,
        "sensors": "TEST_SENSOR_2",
        "countries": "ישראל, דרום הארץ, דרום",
        "cities": "",
        "description": "תשתית אורתופוטו באיזור דרום עדכנית לאוגוסט 2022"
      },
      "bbox": [
        34.890572098923826, 29.819712060693362, 35.017272438849716,
        29.9596406497117
      ]
    }
  ],
  "totalFeatures": 7,
  "numberMatched": 7,
  "numberReturned": 2,
  "timeStamp": "2024-07-11T08:23:42.502Z",
  "crs": {
    "type": "name",
    "properties": {
      "name": "urn:ogc:def:crs:EPSG::4326"
    }
  },
  "bbox": [-180, -90, 180, 90]
}
```

</details>

> ### Full Pagination

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Pagination
```

# Polygon Parts Service 🧩

## General 

### Understanding Polygon Parts on Layer (records) management - Updates

This system utilizes polygons and layers to represent the precise area of a product and track all updates received over time. Polygons define the exact boundaries, while layers provide a structured way to integrate these updates. Let's delve deeper into how this system functions.

### Polygons

Represent the precise area of a product and all its subsequent updates.
Contain additional metadata like update date, accuracy, and photo sensor information.

### Layers

Composed of continuous geographic regions defined by several polygons.
Each polygon holds its own metadata.
Updates are merged with overlapping layers below.

> Polygons within existing layers that overlap the new update (completely or partially) are refreshed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Polygons within existing layers that overlap the new update (completely or partially) are re-calculated.
```

<figure>
    <img src={require("/img/raster/polygon_parts_example.png").default} style={{"display":"block","marginLeft":"auto","marginRight":"auto"}}/>
</figure>

:::important Practical Example

> B is a new layer contains 3 polygon parts merged into an existing layer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
B is a new layer containing 3 polygon parts about to be merged into an existing layer.
```

> As you can see in the “After” figure below, the new layer polygon parts field contains the merged polygon parts of A and B.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As you can see in the “After” figure on the right, the new layer parts contains the merged polygon parts of A and B.
```

> Each part hold its own metadata and related attributes [PolygonParts attributes](/docs/PolygonParts/profile_v1_0.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each part hold its own metadata and related attributes [PolygonParts attributes](/docs/MapColonies/Raster/services/PolygonParts/polygon-parts-profile-v1)
```

Author: you would like to rename the profile file again? if no, I change the link to a full path with the original name of file "profile_v1_0.md"

:::

> ### Polygon Parts  with WFS implementation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### WFS implementation
```

> ### Polygon Parts  with WFS implementation

Author: I added, but there was no need it seemed to be because it kind of obvious

    end
```

> ### List  WFS capabilities and find available FeaturesTypes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### List WFS capabilities and find available FeaturesTypes
```

> To list all the available feature types use the `GetCapabilities` operation and look for the `FeatureTypeList` section.

Reviewer: Please add an example for the `GetCapabilities` request.

Author: the example response xml is too long, that's why I mentioned and show the relevant scope from the response body in the example

    end
```

### The typeNames Convention

> Each typeName represent a Layer from the catalog. The name string includes several parts similar to Serving layer conventions:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each typeName represent a Layer from the catalog. The name string includes several parts as in the layer conventions:
```

We got a `FeatureTypeList` consisting of the different `FeatureTypes` that each one hold and represent some catalog layer under the WFS service. one of them is the `polygon_parts:orthophoto_mosaic_base_orthophoto_best_polygon_parts`.`FeatureType` where polygon_parts is the namespace and the orthophoto_mosaic_base_orthophoto_best_polygon_parts is the unique `FeatureType` name under the polygon_parts namespace - it include layer's `product_name` + `product_type` + polygon_parts suffix. it is possible to query the FeatureType by its full name `polygon_parts:orthophoto_mosaic_base_orthophoto_best_polygon_parts` or short unique name `orthophoto_mosaic_base_orthophoto_best_polygon_parts`.
The default coordinate reference system and the containing features bounding box are also presented.

> ### Use DescribeFeatureFeature & understand Feature's attributes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### DescribeFeatureType
```

</details>

> This is a description of a orthophoto_mosaic_base_orthophoto_best_polygon_parts feature that include all polygon parts of the `ORTHOPHOTO_MOSAIC_BASE-OrthophotoBest` catalog layer, it contains these properties, each property has its own type, nillable flag value and min\max occurs - these describing the requireness of the property and possible repeatness.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is a description of a `orthophoto_mosaic_base_orthophoto_best_polygon_parts` feature that include all polygon parts of the `ORTHOPHOTO_MOSAIC_BASE-OrthophotoBest` catalog layer, it contains these properties. Each property has its own type, nillable flag value and min\max occurs.
```

Now that we hold the structure of the `orthophoto_mosaic_base_orthophoto_best_polygon_parts` FeatureType we're able to query layer's polygon parts features by a set of parameters using the `GetFeature` operation, let's see some examples:

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### GetFeature

```

Author: done

> ### GetFeature GET basic request with count restricts

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Pagination
```

Reviewer: And add another example for full use of pagination.

Author: done

</details>

> ### GetFeature GET request with sort params

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Sorting
```

Author: done

</details>

> ### GetFeature POST request with geographical intersection

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Query by geographical limits
```

Author: done

</details>

> ### GetFeature POST request with multi-parameters combination

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Combining multiple filters
```

Author: done
